BXMSDOC-6165: Updated the versions, links and references in the SSO document. (#78)
kaldesai/kie-docs: doc-content/enterprise-only/integration/sso-client-adapter-proc.adoc

* *Product:* Red Hat Single Sign-On
* *Version:* {RH-SSO_VERSION}

> . Download *Red Hat Single Sign-on {RH-SSO_VERSION} Client Adapter for JBoss EAP 7* (`rh-sso-7.4.1.GA-eap7-adapter.zip`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Download *Red Hat Single Sign-on {RH-SSO_VERSION} Client Adapter for JBoss EAP 7* (`rh-sso-{RH-SSO_VERSION_LONG}-eap7-adapter.zip` or the latest version).
```
